docs(agentic-orchestration): remove obsolete blueprint tools from CPT guide (#9096)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/agentic-orchestration/evaluate-agents/test-ai-agents.md

Author: @nikonovd I noticed we aren’t using exactly the same naming convention. In the UI, the tool is called `User Feedback`, but here we reference it as `User_Feedback` (with an underscore). Same for `List Users` vs. `ListUsers`.

Is this intended? I assume it is for the implementation part? For the documentation (outside of code blocks), I think it’s better to stick to the UI naming.

Reviewer: Thanks @afgambin !

I agree that using the displayed name is better in the tutorial. However the code snippets require the Element ID to execute conditions and job completions so it's good that we keep it there 👍

Reviewer: 🔧 💭 Unfortunately this won't work, as it's the entire JSON of the agent and embedding based similarity works only well on similar strucutre, so we'd need to think of an alternative that uses the `User_Feedback#responseText`.

I played around with it and when requesting `Send Ervin a joke` the response text contains a lot of thinking, which is also not ideal for similarity checks and it failed repeatedly.

I tried the following input prompt: `Give me a joke! Greet Ervin as an introduction.`

Which makes my tests pass in multiple runs.

The response text is then:
```
Here we go! 🎊

---

👋 **Hello, Ervin Howell!** Welcome and greetings to you!

---

And now, here's a joke for you:

😄 **Why did the workflow cross the road?**
👉 *To get to the happy path!* 🛤️

---

Hope that brought a smile to your face, Ervin! 😁
```

with a similarity score of ~0.73-0.79 in 5 executions. 

WDYT?
It could potentially also impact the Getting started guide 🤔 
Maybe we could also then tweak the system prompt a bit to get better results on expected scenarios.

Reviewer: Code snippet would be then:

```java
assertThat(processInstance)
        .hasLocalVariableSimilarTo(
            "User_Feedback",
            "responseText",
            """
              Hey Ervin! Here is a joke for you:
              Why did the workflow cross the road? To get to the happy path.
              """);
```

Author: SGTM. I’ve updated the guide using that prompt and added this code snippet. I think no more changes are needed, but please double-check all the steps.

It does not impact the Get started guide because we are proposing a different, simpler prompt there: “Tell me a joke.” Anyway, that section can be independent of this guide, so all good.

Reviewer: Thanks, looks good!

### Complete user tasks

The `User Feedback` user task is outside the agent and prompts the user to approve the agent output or request a different one.

Use chained `.then()` calls when a behavior should produce different results on repeated invocations: the first action is consumed on the first invocation, and the last action repeats for all subsequent invocations.

> For example, register a behavior that first rejects the joke with a follow-up request, then approves the result on the next invocation:

Author: Regarding your [Slack comment](https://camunda.slack.com/archives/C026U8GBNSW/p1781172990589719?thread_ts=1781164759.510529&cid=C026U8GBNSW):

> but then we'd need to think of a valid followup input so that we can show a valid agent feedback loop.

I tweaked the text showing this example, but see if something else makes more sense/adds more value here

The LLM may return any value between these anchor points (for example, 0.6 or 0.85). The default threshold is 0.5. This means the assertion passes when the response is at least partially satisfied according to the rubric, which is a practical default for AI-generated output that may vary in wording or completeness across runs. Use a higher threshold when the response must satisfy stricter semantic requirements. You can change the threshold globally in the [judge configuration](/apis-tools/testing/configuration.md#judge-configuration) or per assertion using `withJudgeConfig`.

> If the assertion fails, for example because the agent used the wrong joke or the feedback was not handled correctly, the judge returns a low score with an explanation of which parts of the expectation were not met. This gives you a clear, human-readable failure message instead of a generic assertion error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the assertion fails, for example because the agent did not identify Ervin by calling ListUsers or the feedback was not handled correctly, the judge returns a low score with an explanation of which parts of the expectation were not met. This gives you a clear, human-readable failure message instead of a generic assertion error.
```

or 

```suggestion
If the assertion fails, for example because the agent made up its own joke instead of calling the `Jokes API` tool, or the feedback was not handled correctly, the judge returns a low score with an explanation of which parts of the expectation were not met. This gives you a clear, human-readable failure message instead of a generic assertion error.
```

Could be more explicit than `using a wrong joke`. WDYT?

Author: Second suggestion applied

### Add a similarity assertion

> With the embedding model configured, use `hasVariableSimilarTo` as a complementary check on the `agent` process variable:

Author: Is `hasVariableSimilarTo` or `hasLocalVariableSimilarTo`?

Also, I believe this should be: 
```suggestion
With the embedding model configured, use `hasVariableSimilarTo` as a complementary check on the `responseText` variable of the `User_Feedback` task instance:
```

Reviewer: Good catch! It was a local variable assertion before and now we switched to a process variable check.
